## Materials & Lighting ##
Little preview of the Materials LAB can be acessed [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dPWXO20Jz79Dz-jZEon_Zq3kdkL7V3Zv/view?usp=sharing) and the Lightning LAB [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VSmA0tKpKZf-rIF_8gg_PkN-U8zB6tWO/view)

I went through the tutorials and experimented with materials and lighting to expand my understanding of the various tools in Unity.
In the beginning, it was difficult for me to place the lamps on the surface of the tables, and also to operate in complete darkness. Additionally, for some reason, I failed to get the Lightning Probe Group to work. I am not sure if I incorrectly set the lighting properties or if I did not enable certain functions in the object itself. In addition, although I tried t minimalized the parameters for Global Illumination, lighting baking usually took about 10 minutes. This made working efficiently and experimenting quote hard and inefficient.
The idea of manipulating the skybox seemed quite inspiring to me as the moonlight instantly created such a vivid narrative. Additionally, I noticed how lightning can be used to manipulate the idea of a space and create a specific atmosphere (by changing the intensity and color of the light). I will try to incorporate various lighting in my upcoming project. Originally I wanted to stick to the daylight, but after this exercise, I am drawn to consider a different setting.
I would like to learn more about the occlusion map concept (or AO materials) and deepen my understanding of baking functions. I didn't quite understand why the whole room suddenly brightened.
